Fix broken links in our error docs (#1136)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/errors/details/_err_ngrok_314.md

### Possible Solutions

> - Upgrade your account to a Pro or Business plan from your [account dashboard](https://dashboard.ngrok.com/billing/plan) in order to reserve a custom hostname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrade your account to a Pro or Pay-as-you-go plan from your [account dashboard](https://dashboard.ngrok.com/billing/plan) in order to reserve a custom hostname.
```
